@Waxui Alerts **META**, Day Trade idea, Possible Swing. We've been range bound within a larger balance for a few weeks now, with 630 acting as the floor and 660 as the ceiling. We've seen another fresh bounce but with confluent market sentiment this time. Simple set up, looking for strength over 660 for longs, with upside targets at 667-670, and ultimately as high as 680 with time. Love the 03/13 660Cs. Should be interesting, Will alert any entry!

@Waxui Alerts **ORCL**, Day Trade idea. Juiced up after hours following a solid earnings report. Already on top of positive news with the paused investment in data centers. With how surpressed this name is, we can see a good aount of shorts liquidated the rest of the week. Only looking for sustained strength over 160 for longs, with upside targets at 165, 168-170 and ultimately as high as 180 with time. Will assess contracts when the time comes, stay posted for any entry alert!

@Waxui Alerts **META**, Day Trade idea. Still keeping a close eye on this one. Nothing has changed from the original planned play. We're still holding value at the top of the balance and contesting the ceiling level at 660. Simple set up, waiting for strength over 660 for longs, with upside targets at 670 and ultimately as high as 677-680 with time. Love the 03/13 660Cs. Should be interesting, Will alert any entry!

@Waxui Alerts **SNDK**, Day Trade idea. As is normal failed breakdown we've found ourselves contesting the top of the balance once again. It seems memory hype is still all the craze. Momentum is in the bulls favor and structurally we've defended the highs. Once again looking for strength over 660 for longs, with upside targets at 676, 690 and ultimately as high as 700+ with time. Love the 03/13 680Cs. Should be fun, Will alert any entry!

:BULLPRINTER: Planned Plays are posted above^! Perform your own DD and make the decision to play or not! Of these, SNDK is the likely favorite though I'm sure META can be a ton of fun as well. Lots of solid intraday movers to keep eyes on too. No swings so we're coming into the day fresh, but you don't want to miss any of these entries so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (4:00pm PST) Futures are deep red since re-opening. /ES is currently dancing close to 6740 while /NQ hovers right around 24850. Today we saw the market mostly in balance until more Iran headlines came out regarding potential drone attacks targeting California that spooked sentiment. VIX remained flat, fading from 26 into the mid 24 handle to close the session. Coming into tomorrow, we've got Jobless Claims and U.S. Trade Deficit data. Both of which are respectable but nothing to really drive sentiment. The next major volatility event is of course PCE data on Friday, which means barring any further Iran headlines we're likely looking at an anticipation session. As for primary technicals, /ES fell below the multi-day balance below 6765 and VIX has remained elevated. We've got immediate room down to 6720 and can see relative lows all the way down to 6600 if VIX works back towards 30 which can be amplified with continued /CL strength. Oil can be used as a proxy VIX right now, as its the primary driver of fears and slows everything GDP related. For now, coming into the day leaning bearish, though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 Solid day out there, got faked out to start but caught the move we wanted. Sat the chop on the sidelines but excited to see what tomorrow has in store for us. Stoked to see @Waxui Alerts back out there, lets kill it 🖤

@Waxui Alerts **PLTR**, Lotto Idea. Since reclaiming the major 150 level, its been a concrete floor support for the last two weeks. We've been range bound, but its still showing great relative strength against the general market. Given positive sentiment, this is one of the stronger long set ups. Looking for strength over 154 for longs, with upside targets at 156, 160 and possibly as high as 165-166 with time. Love the 03/13 155Cs. Should be fun, Will alert any entry!

@Waxui Alerts **COIN**, Lotto Idea. Bit of a fun set up here. In its own world as BTC has been showing greater strength than the general market, but still struggling. Since the gap up, this 193 level has been a floor and we closed poorly just barely hanging on. Crypto weakness can see us break down here and work towards the 185 level. Otherwise, sustained BTC strength can see us continue to defend, a break through 200 can see us work back towards 215-220. Regardless, the name is in play. Stay posted for any entry alert!

:BULLPRINTER: Planned Plays are posted above^! Perform your own DD and make the decision to play or not! Of these, PLTR is the likely favorite though I'm sure COIN can be a ton of fun as well. Lots of solid intraday movers to keep eyes on too. No swings so we're coming into the day fresh, but you don't want to miss any of these entries so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (3:30pm PST) Futures are mostly flat since re-opening. /ES is currently still dancing close to 6680 while /NQ hovers right around 24550. Today we saw a continuation move lower across the general market as continued Iran tensions escalated, forcing /CL higher along with volatility represented with VIX climbing through 26 and closing the session in in the mid 27 handle. Coming into tomorrow, we've got the highly anticipated PCE report, and other than market shaking headlines, this data will drive the intraday action and sentiment. Its the last volatility event until FOMC next Wednesday. As for technicals, VIX is working back towards 30, all while /ES failed a rebound/reversal effort. Given poor PCE data, we can surely continue to grind towards recent lows around 6580. We've mentioned that volatility is going to be persistent. Larger structure has certainly changed trend as we threaten to break under the multi-month balance under (/ES) 6600, however keep in mind that the largest bull moves often come in a bear market, as we saw on Monday. For now, I remain cautiously bearish, though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 Solid day out there, caught a couple clean moves but looking back we did the best we could, and managed to avoid a lot of the chop. Please remember to reduce sizing on anything labeled "Lotto" so we can close the week safely and roll into a much deserved weekend. Stoked to see @Waxui Alerts back out there, lets kill it 🖤

@Waxui Alerts **SNDK**, Swing Idea. It seems memory is the only sector still finding strength and positive sentiment. We've remained in balance here for about two months now and after a failed breakdown have found our way to the top of the balance again. 660 remains the level to beat and is where volume tapers off. Ideally paired with confluent market sentiment, looking for strength over 660 for longs, with upside targets at 675-677, 690 and ultimately 700+. Love the 03/20 700Cs. Should be interesting, Will alert any entry!

@Waxui Alerts **PLTR**, Swing idea. We've seen a strong rebound from recent lows and have gone into balance. Reclaim of the key 150 level has been huge and its been sustained while market remains weak. We dipped back into it on Friday as market faltered, but I believe its offering nothing more than a great R:R entry. Looking for longs off 150, with upside targets at the top of the balance around 156-157, and higher if enabled. Love the 03/20 155Cs. Should be fun, Will alert any entry!

:BULLPRINTER: Planned Plays are posted above^! Perform your own DD and make the decision to play or not! Of these, PLTR is the definite favorite though I'm sure SNDK can be a ton of fun as well. Lots of solid intraday movers to keep eyes on too. No swings so we're coming into the week fresh, but you don't want to miss any of these entries so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (6:30pm PST) Futures are decently green since re-opening, and fresh after a new quarterly contract roll as well. Lack of weekend headlines seems to have bolstered some confidence as /ES is currently hovering over 6715 while /NQ dances jyst over 24700. On Friday we saw a premarket pump entirely sold off as fears leading into the weekend we're too much to stomach. We've got a big week ahead of us in terms of catalysts. Monday is slow. Tuesday has Pending Home Sales and Home Builder Confidence. Wednesday is the big day with both PPI data and the FOMC interest rate decision, which will also be Powell's last official address. Thursday has Jobless Claims, Wholesale Inventories and New Home Sales. No data scheduled for Friday. Wednesday will be big, but the primary volatility risk still lies with pending war headlines and further developments. As for technicals, its good to see a rebound here overnight before we had to test relative lows, but the larger trend still remains bearish as volatility lingers. Because of the cause, its been helpful to use /CL (Oil) futures as a VIX proxy, as its driving the fears across the general market. Coming into the week, bulls want to see /ES 6750 claimed and defended paired with VIX back sub 25 for confidence in a greater rebound. Until then, cast doubt on pops. Coming into the week especially neutral though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 Ok week last, lets lock in, and stay focused and patient to make this week great. Hope we're all well rested and ready to get back in the game, stoked to see @Waxui Alerts back out there, lets kill it 🖤

@Waxui Alerts **COIN**, Day Trade idea, Possible Swing. Crypto sentiment is picking back up and BTC is currently contesting its previous failed reversal pivot high. Proxies should see some much needed life if we can see a greater rebound across the Crypto space. Looking for strength over 206 for longs, with upside targets at 210, 214 and ultimately as high as 220 with time. Love the 03/20 210Cs. Should be fun, Will alert any entry!

@Waxui Alerts **PLTR**, Day Trade idea, Possible Swing. Still love this set up. Held a mostly flat session today as action continues to tighten. We were not offered the 150 entry we had wanted, but that doesn't mean the opportunity is gone. Still looking for any meaningful dip to grab longs, with upside targets unchanged at 156, 160 and possibly as high as 165 with time. Love the 03/20 155Cs. Stay posted for any entry alert!

:BULLPRINTER: Planned Plays are posted above^! Perform your own DD and make the decision to play or not! Of these, COIN is the definite favorite though I'm sure PLTR can be a ton of fun as well. Lots of solid intraday movers to keep eyes on too. No swings so we're coming into the day fresh, but you don't want to miss any of these entries so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (4:20pm PST) Futures are mostly flat since re-opening. /ES is currently still dancing just over 6740 while /NQ hovers right around 24850. Today we saw a massive gap up across the entire general market as the weekend failed to provide any breaking news regarding the Iran War, though the retail session we extremely flat and choppy. VIX Gave way under 25, and closed weak in the mid 23 handle. Coming into tomorrow, we've got Pending Home Sales and Home Builder Confidence. Both respectable data prints but nothing to drive intraday market sentiment or action. The primary driver will continue to be Iran Headlines and their impacts on /CL (Oil). As for technicals, despite the flat and indecisive retail session, holding the gap up is still a positive. Fears have faded with VIX confidently back under 25, though we are still not out of the woods quite yet. I'd like to see /ES reclaim 6800 and VIX work back towards 20 and below to regain full confidence in bulls and a larger reversal. Calming conditions are present with risk-on assets gaining traction once again, shown through BTC climbing and Gold fading. Next big volatility event is Wednesday with FOMC/Powell, meaning tomorrow can certainly be an anticipation session. Coming into the day cautiously bullish, though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 Solid day out there, caught a great move off the open and got to sit the chop on the sidelines. Very excited to see what tomorrow has in store for us and what we can make happen. Stoked to see @Waxui Alerts back out there, lets kill it 🖤

@Waxui Alerts **TSLA**, Day Trade Idea, Possible Swing. We've seen value pinned down here over the last two weeks, but the mid 380's continue to provide concrete floor support. I still believe this is the best R:R area for longs against the floor, its just timing is the difficult part. Really only looking for sustained strength over 390 for longs, with upside targets at 408, 420 and ultimately 440-450 with time. Love the 03/20 405Cs. Should be interesting, Will alert any entry!

@Waxui Alerts **SNDK**, Day Trade idea. We missed the 660 breakout we were watching due to the gap up, but there is still opportunity here. Over 660, we're essentially in blue sky breakout mode with the previous ATH being the last barrier before shorts are liquidated. Momentum is with the bulls, and what is too high can go higher. 720 is whats being respected this week. Looking for strength over 720 for longs, with upside targets at 740 and 765. Love the 03/20 750Cs. Should be fun, Will alert any entry!

:BULLPRINTER: Planned Plays are posted above^! Perform your own DD and make the decision to play or not! Of these SNDK is the likely favorite though I'm sure TSLA can be a ton of fun as well. Lots of solid intraday movers to keep eyes on too. No swings so we're coming into the day fresh, but you don't want to miss any of these entries so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (3:30pm PST) Futures are mostly flat since re-opening. /ES is currently still dancing close to 6770 while /NQ hovers right around 25000. Today we saw another gap up across the general market but again a very slow and indecisive retail session as market anticipates FOMC/Powell tomorrow. VIX continued its decline, fading into the mid 22 handle to close the session. Coming into tomorrow, we've got PPI data before market open, but the primary driver of sentiment and action will of course be FOMC/Powell in the second half of the session. Its widely assumed that there will be no rate cut given last months CPI data, however what really matters is what Powell has to say. This will be his second to last address and these last meetings will be essential in the later transition. As for technicals, /ES has worked on a nice rebound, though we tested and failed to reclaim the 6800 level as mentioned was necessary for full bull confidence. VIX faded under 25 as we had wanted, but this is only half the battle. I'm sure we'll have much greater clarity on larger action after Powell tomorrow. Nothing else too crazy to note until then. For now, coming into the day especially neutral though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 Solid day out there, caught a solid move off the open and got to sit the chop on the sidelines. Very excited to see what tomorrow has in store for us and what we can make happen. Stoked to see @Waxui Alerts back out there, lets kill it 🖤

@Waxui Alerts **TSLA**, Lotto Idea. What was promising now looks bleak. We've held value under 400 for a week now and have failed multiple reversal efforts. We also closed below the 200 DMA today. We may be looking for another liquidation here. Looking for sustained weakness under 395 for shorts, with downside targets at 385, 381 and possibly as low as 375 if market warrants. Love the 03/20 390Ps. Should be interesting, Will alert any entry!

@Waxui Alerts **TSM**, Lotto Idea. Struggling with much of the tech space. Last night and through today we failed a massive /bounce reversal effort and closed poorly for a fully engulfing bearish session. Given general market weakness persists, we're looking for a continuation move lower here. Looking for a break under 336 for shorts, with downside targets at 332, 330 and possibly as low as 325. Love the 03/20 335Ps. Should be fun, Will alert any entry!

:BULLPRINTER: Planned Plays are posted above^! Perform your own DD and make the decision to play or not! Of these, TSM is the likely favorite though I'm sure TSLA can be a ton of fun as well. Lots of solid intraday movers to keep eyes on too. No swings so we're coming into the day fresh, but you don't want to miss any of these entries so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (3:15pm PST) Futures are slightly red since re-opening. /ES is currently dancing under 6670 while /NQ hovers right around 24600. Today we saw a sizeable liquidation across the general market as PPI data came in hotter than expected and Powell failed to bring any confidence to investors with his overwhelming uncertainty. VIX climbed, rallying back into the major 25 level to close the session. Coming into tomorrow, we've got Jobless Claims, Wholesale inventories and New Home Sales. All respectable but the main focus is back to Iran and Oil now that Powell is out of the way. As for technicals, we've given back the whole week's gains, and are back near Friday's low. This is the last line in the sand before we look to test the Multi-month balance lows at 6620. A significant break under that paired with a VIX move towards 30 is what convincingly begins a larger market correction in my opinion. /CL rallying today is not what bulls needed. The longer Oil stays elevated the larger strain it will have across the economy and further pressure amongst arguably inflated risk-on assets. For now, these is little reason to be bullish unless you're focused purely on R:R, but sentiment and trend certainly favor a continued move lower. Nothing else too crazy to note. Coming into the day leaning bearish though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 Nothing day out there, stayed sidelined then burned some pocket change playing FOMC. Tomorrow is Lotto Thursday since I do not play OpEx session, so please remember to reduce sizing on anything labeled "Lotto" so we can close the week safely and roll into a well deserved weekend. Stoked to see @Waxui Alerts back out there, lets kill it 🖤

@Waxui Alerts **PLTR**, Day Trade idea, Likely Swing. We failed to see the continuation move last week, but 150 is still acting as a concrete floor. We're showing great relative strength compared to the general market. Until broken 150 remains the ideal spot to risk against for longs, with confidence that the continuation move is still on the way. Upside targets from here at 155-156, 160 and ultimately 165 with time. Love the 02/27 155Cs. Should be interesting, Will alert any entry!

@Waxui Alerts **HOOD**, Swing Idea. We've seen severe weakness here despite the sentiment flip in BTC. We've been in balance for nearly two months now, which after a more than 50% correction from ATHs offers naturally solid R:R, now that we have a key level thats been respected with 70 acting as a floor. Structure is certainly poor, but R:R is too good to ignore. Looking for sustained defense of 70 for longs, with upside targets at 74, 78 and ultimately 80+. Love the 03/27 73Cs. Stay posted or any entry alert!

@Waxui Alerts **META**, Day Trade idea. Fell back into the 600 demand zone where we've made significant lows twice in the last few months. We reclaimed it and even retested it today. Given positive market seniment, this is one primed for a rebound effort. Looking for a push through 608 for longs, with upside targets at 613, 620-622 and possibly as high as 630. Love the 03/25 610Cs. Should be interesting, Will alert any entry!

@Waxui Alerts **HOOD**, Swing Idea. Still keeping an eye on this one. Missed our 70 area entry thanks to the gap up, but the opportunity is still completely valid. Primarily just a super solid R:R set up. feel free to review last night's planned play for the details. Upside targets still unchanged at 74, 78 and ultimately 80+. Love the 03/27 73Cs. Stay posted for any entry alert!

:BULLPRINTER: Planned Plays are posted above^! Perform your own DD and make the decision to play or not! Of these, META is the likely favorite, though I'm sure HOOD can be a ton of fun as well. Lots of solid intraday movers to keep eyes on too. No swings so we're coming into the day fresh, but you don't want to miss any of these entries so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (4:00pm PST) Futures are mostly flat since re-opening. /ES is currently still dancing close to 6640 while /NQ hovers right around 24450. Today we saw a massive gap up across the general market after Trump claimed we were working towards a deal to end conflict with Iran, despite them refuting that any negotiations had taken place. VIX was over 30 in the premarket, but following the news fells as low as 20, but we close the day in the low 26 handle. Coming into tomorrow, we've got both Services and Manufacturing PMI. Both of which respectable and important but nothing to drive market sentiment as the continued Iran headlines will. As for technicals, its great the Oil retreated today, and gives some relief to the greater economy and projected prices, as well as yields cooling off. We were able to reclaim and defend the previous multi-month balance lows at 6620 giving the bulls something to stand on again so given a greater VIX decline we can certainly begin to work on a rebound effort. Still taking things day-by-day as news is the only real driver for now, so coming into the day still mostly neutral though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 Ok day out there, misread the 1st play but got it back on the 2nd. Very excited to see what opportunities tomorrow has in store for us and of course stoked to see @Waxui Alerts back out there, lets kill it 🖤

@Waxui Alerts **TSLA**, Day Trade idea. Recently broke down below the key 385 level which has been the concrete floor support since October. We've rebound well and it may just be a retest, but a reclaim of the 385 level confirms a failed breakdown. Simple set up, looking for strength over 385 for longs, with upside targets at 390-392, and ultimately 400+. Love the 03/25 390Cs. Should be interesting, Will alert any entry!

@Waxui Alerts **ARM**, Day Trade idea. Up nicely after hours following the larger market ceasefire news as well as the announced META partnership. We're back currently testing the 144 level which was the hard reversal ceiling last time. Simple set up again, looking for strength over 144 for longs, with upside targets at 148-150, and ultimately as high as 154-155. Will need to assess contracts after open. Stay posted for any entry alert!

:BULLPRINTER: Planned Plays are posted above^! Perform your own DD and make the decision to play or not! Of these, ARM is the definite favorite though I'm sure TSLA can be a ton of fun as well. Lots of solid intraday movers to keep eyes on too. No swings so we're coming into the day fresh, but you don't want to miss any of these entries so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (3:15pm PST) Futures are super green since re-opening, following a 30-day ceasefire announcement. /ES is currently back over 6650 while /NQ hovers around 24450. Today we saw a range session as market digested Monday's gap up and conflicting headlines. VIX grinded higher, closing the session in the high 26 handle. Coming into tomorrow, we've got the Import Price index and just one FED speaker, so it should be a primarily technical lead session. As for technicals, the daily close back over (/ES) 6620 and re-entering the previous multi-month balance has given bulls some confidence and this ceasefire announcement is of course very positive and should alleviate some stress on /CL (Oil). From here, bulls want to see VIX work back under 25 and see /ES work through 6700 which has been the resistance ceiling since mid last week. In that case, we can see vol crush conditions as we commence a grind back into highs over the next month. While VIX remains over 25, I will remain cautious and expect greater turbulence as our larger trend is still bearish. Nothing else too crazy to note. Coming into the day leaning bullish though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 Rocky day out there, got cooked on shorts twice just to see them work without us. Locking in and taking full advantage of the lingering volatility. Excited to see what we can make happen and of course stoked to see @Waxui Alerts back out there, lets kill it 🖤

@Waxui Alerts **PLTR**, Day Trade idea, Possible Swing. Still love this set up bigger picture. 160 is proving to be a difficult point to get through, though we're continued to build strength and value above 150. Likely needs another day or so to set up, but just waiting for strength over 160 for longs, with upside targets at 165-166, 170 and possibly as high as 174 with time. love the 04/02 160Cs. Should be interesting, Will alert any entry!

@Waxui Alerts **AMD**, Day Trade idea. Bit of a momentum set up here. We've spent the last two months near the bottom of the larger balance and got liftoff today with thanks to catalyst. Closed confidently over 220 which was point of contention after the last earnings breakdown. Looking for strength over 220 for longs, with upside targets at 225-227 and possibly as high as 235 with time. Love the 03/27 225Cs. Stay posted for any entry alert!

:BULLPRINTER: Planned Plays are posted above^! Perform your own DD and make the decision to play or not! Of these, AMD is the likely favorite though I'm sure PLTR can be a ton of fun as well. Lots of solid intraday movers to keep eyes on too. No swings so we're coming into the day fresh, but you don't want to miss any of these entries so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (3:45pm PST) Futures are slightly red since re-opening. /ES is currently hovering near 6630 while /NQ dances close to 24350. Today we saw a very choppy session as the misinformation regarding an Iran ceasefire continues to sway confuse market participants. VIX remained level, peaking over 26 but closing within the mid 25 handle. Coming into tomorrow, we've got just Jobless Claims and then four FED speakers after hours. It should be a primarily technical lead session. As for technicals, we were able to defend the gap up, but its clear bulls are struggling to find confidence. We're still seeing pops sold, but dips are being bought. News continues to drive the intraday action and hosts every volatility spike. As mentioned last night and intraday, I will remain bearish so long as VIX is defending over 25. Bulls need to see this broken down and fears settled for any sustained trend higher. /CL grinded higher today which is the opposite of what would happen given a legitimate ceasefire. I'm honestly surprised that market held up as well as it did today given the rise in Oil. Anyways, headlines still dictate price, predictions are futile until progress is made or Hormuz is opened up. For now, coming into the day especially neutral though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 Solid day out there, they had us in the first half but patience pays and conviction handles the bills. Excited to see what we can make happen tomorrow and of course stoked to see @Waxui Alerts back out there, lets kill it 🖤

@Waxui Alerts **HOOD**, Lotto Idea. Failed yet another bounce.reversal effort today to close pressed right into the key 70 level. While its been a floor, overall structure is still poor. Given persistent weak market sentiment, we can surely see a breakdown. Looking for weakness under 70 for shorts, with downside targets every dollar lower into 65. Love the 03/27 70Ps. Should be interesting, Will alert any entry!

@Waxui Alerts **AVGO**, Lotto Idea. We've been in balance for the entire year so far, and this 310 level has been the hard support floor. We've spent the week failing to rebound over 325 and closed poorly today. Given sustained tech weakness, we can surely see a breakdown here. Looking for a break under 310 for shorts, with downside targets at 306, 300 and possibly as low as 295. Love the 03/27 310Ps. Should be fun, Will alert any entry!

:BULLPRINTER: Planned Plays are posted above^! Perform your own DD and make the decision to play or not! Of these, AVGO is the likely favorite though I'm sure HOOD can be a ton of fun as well. Lots of solid intraday movers to keep eyes on too. No swings so we're coming into the day fresh but you don't want to miss any of these entries so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (4:00pm PST) Futures are mostly flat since re-opening. /ES is currently still dancing close to 6550 while /NQ hovers right around 23850. Today we saw a trending sell day as Trump failed to spur any confidence and trust is waning thin. VIX continued higher, breaching through the 28 level to close the session. Coming into tomorrow, we've got just Consumer Sentiment data early in the session, so it should be another primarily technical driven session. As for technicals, we managed to clean up all of the left over single prints from Monday and saw the lowest retail traded point today. We got a pop after hours with Trump announcing a delay on energy plant destruction deadline by 10 days. Still no peace deal, still indecision regarding the Hormuz strait, and Oil still barreling higher (no pun intended). We mentioned that the longer Oil remains elevated, the more stress will be felt in the equities markets, and that's exactly what we're seeing. As for tomorrow, its certainly worth taking a shot at longs at the relative low of (/ES) 6480, but be mindful that bears are clearly still in full control. Barring any news or pump attempts from Trump, I'm sure we will see this area tested as there is likely fear rolling into the weekend. Coming into the day cautiously bearish, though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 Rough day out there, fully committed to our long level and it failed. Decided to wrap it up early as this market has beat me silly this week. Tomorrow is a new day. Please remember to reduce sizing on anything labeled "Lotto" so we can close the week safely and roll into a much needed weekend. Stoked to see @Waxui Alerts back out there, lets kill it 🖤

@Waxui Alerts **CAT**, Day Trade idea. While its remained strong the entire year thus far, its finally begun to roll over. This 665 level has been a highly respected floor for two months and after two failed reversal/rebound efforts we've found ourselves back at it after a poor daily close. Ideally R:R favors longs here, but given current market sentiment we may be looking for a breakdown. Looking for weakness under 665 for shorts, with downside targets at 655, 640 and possibly as low as 625. Love the 04/02 650Ps. Should be interesting, Will alert any entry!

@Waxui Alerts **AMD**, Day Trade idea. This one has been hard to watch. Every strong rebound effort over 200 has faded, and we've shifted value to the top of the major gap range. Now we're struggling to hold the 200DMA. Given sustained market weakness, we're likely looking at a continuation move lower here. Looking for a break under 195 for shorts, with downside targets at 190, 187 and possibly as low as 180 with time. Love the 04/02 190Ps. Stay posted for any entry alert!

@Waxui Alerts As usual... 🍀 Best of March ☘️ Only Includes Winners >30% SPX 03/02 6870P 5.80 - 7.60 31% SPX 03/02 6875P 5.20 - 12.00 131% SPY 03/03 672C 1.65 - 4.20 155% SPY 03/04 683C 1.70 - 3.40 100% SPX 03/05 6850C 5.40 - 7.40 37% SPX 03/05 6800C 5.00 - 7.00 40% SPY 03/06 672C 2.20 - 4.45 102% SPY 03/10 677P 2.25 - 3.30 47% SPX 03/10 6805P 6.50 - 11.80 82% SPY 03/11 677P 1.50 - 3.10 107% SPY 03/12 668C 2.00 - 3.30 65% SPY 03/12 668C 1.90 - 3.20 68% SPY 03/16 671P 1.65 - 3.75 127% PLTR 03/20 155C 2.20 - 4.00 82% SPY 03/20 657C 2.40 - 3.60 50% SPX 03/19 6590C 5.00 - 11.50 130% SPY 03/23 655P 1.45 - 2.45 69% SPY 03/25 658P 1.30 - 3.75 189% SPY 03/25 656P 1.45 - 2.80 93% SPX 03/27 6430C 6.50 - 9.80 51% SPY 03/30 637C 1.45 - 2.70 86% SPY 03/31 631C 3.05 - 12.00 293% Tricky last week but what a way to close out the month! Looking forward to an amazing April with you all! Please reach out if you'd like a complete log of all alerted trades!

:BULLPRINTER: No Planned Plays tonight! Once again everything looks the same with a giant green trending day candle. We'll continue to focus on indexes and take full advantage of the lingering volatility. Regardless, you don't want to miss any of these entries so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (3:45pm PST) Futures are mostly flat since re-opening. /ES is currently still dancing close to 6570 while /NQ hovers right around 23950. Today we saw the largest green day of the year following positive headlines regarding the Iran conflict, alleviating some pressure on /CL (Oil). VIX finally cracked back under 30, fading nearly the entire way back down to close the session in the low 25 handle. Coming into tomorrow, we've got just U.S. Retail Sales and ADP jobs, both respectable but nothing to drive market sentiment unless heavily deviated from expectations. Should be a primarily technical session. As for technicals, /ES engulfed all of Friday's trending sell day and has put many short underwater. Now after a session like today there is of course expected profit taking, though an impulse low has been created. Bulls want to see VIX remain under 28, and work back under 25 for confidence in a continued glide higher. I do feel confident looking to long dips from here. As mentioned previously R:R had already favored longs, regardless of news. Nothing else too crazy to note. Coming into the day cautiously bullish though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 Solid day out there, our swing was a banger and we got to wrap up super early. Very excited to see what tomorrow has in store for us and what we can make happen. Of course stoked to see @Waxui Alerts back out there as well, lets kill it🖤

@Waxui Alerts **MU**, Lotto Idea. Saw a massive rebound today, reclaiming the key 365 level. This was the bottom of the previous multi-month balance. This invalidates this week's liquidation and creates a great failed breakdown set up. Only looking for sustained strength over 365 for longs, with upside targets at 380-382, 390 and possibly as high as 395-400. Love the 04/02 375Cs. Should be interesting, Will alert any entry!

@Waxui Alerts **ARM**, Day Trade idea. All semi names got a boost today with the GOOGL news. ARM has been showing some above average ADR following the META partnership and is rebound off the early week liquidation nicely. Sentiment in the sector means focus on the drivers. I believe given sustained positive market sentiment we can surely see momentum carry here. Looking for sustained strength over the 154 gap level for longs, with upside targets at 158-160, and ultimately 164+. Love the 04/02 155Cs. Should be fun, Will alert any entry!

:BULLPRINTER: Planned Plays are posted above^! Perform your own DD and make the decision to play or not! Of these, MU is the definite favorite though I'm sure ARM can be a ton of fun as well. Lots of solid intraday movers to keep eyes on too. No swings so we're coming into the day fresh, but you don't want to miss any of these entries so keep hose notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (3:30pm PST) Futures are mostly flat since re-opening. /ES is currently still dancing under 6620 while /NQ hovers close to 24200. Today we saw another solid green day across the general market lead by rebounds in the tech space. VIX inched lower, but remained somewhat elevated, closing in the mid 24 handle. Coming into tomorrow, we've got Jobless Claims and U.S. Trade Deficit data, Both respected and valuable but more importantly is Trumps speech tonight. He speaks pretty late but with market volatility unwinding and the general sentiment of the U.S. being de-escalation, we'll look for Trump to confirm if bulls want to close out the week strong. As for technicals, We we saw /ES peak over 6620 today, the bottom of the previous multi-month balance but failed to hold it into the close. VIX didn't want to get too far away from 25 as headlines are still daily. Many shorts are still underwater and the grind higher can certainly continue given no new market breaking info from Trump tonight. Definitely a situation where we'll have much more confidence come market open and expecting nothing tonight. Coming into the day especially neutral though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 Ok day out there, caught a clean move but gave some back in the second half. Missed some good opportunities but that happens. Please remember to reduce sizing on anything labeled "Lotto" so we can close the week safely and roll into a nice three day weekend. Stoked to see @Waxui Alerts back out there, lets kill it 🖤

@Waxui Alerts Watching /ES 6550 for shorts

@Waxui Alerts **AMD**, Day Trade idea, Possible Swing. Keeping a close eye on this one this week. We've been testing the bottom of the larger balance for over two months now, and dips into the 190's have been bid every time. We saw an aggressive rebound on Thurs, pushing us back into the resistance ceiling. Given positive market sentiment, we're looking for strength over 220 for longs, with upside targets at 225, 227, and as high as 235 with time. Love the 04/10 225Cs. Should be interesting, Will alert any entry!

@Waxui Alerts **PLTR**, Day Trade idea. After a sharp rebound from relative lows, we went into a balance trying to defend the major 150 level. We failed as the general market grinded lower, but we're seeing that area contested again. Positioning skewed heavily short once we broke below 150, a reclaim of i is a typical failed breakdown set up and forces may to reposition which can give us a confident move towards the top of that recent balance. Looking for strength over 148 for longs, with upside targets at 150, 152 and ultimately 155-156. Love the 04/10 150Cs. Should be fun, Will alert any entry!

:BULLPRINTER: Planned Plays are posted above^! Perform your own DD and make the decision to play or not! Of these, AMD is the likely favorite though I'm sure PLTR can be a ton of fun as well. Lots of solid intraday movers to keep eyes on too. No swings so we're coming into the week fresh, but you don't want to miss any of these entries so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (4:30pm PST) Futures are decently red since re-opening. /ES is currently back under 6590 while /NQ hovers right around 24100. On Thursday we saw a massive rebound as Trump managed to spur confidence by backing away with comments related to exiting Iran conflict without re-opening the Strait of Hormuz. VIX grinded lower, seeing a high of 28 in the premarket and faded into the high 23 handle to close the session. We've got a big week ahead of us regarding catalysts. Monday has just ISM Services. Tuesday has Consumer Credit data and two FED speakers. Wednesday has FOMC minutes. Thursday is the big day with PCE data, GDP revisions and Jobless Claims. We wrap up on Friday with CPI data and Consumer Sentiment. Not to mention headlines will continue to drive intraday action heavily. As for technicals /ES has held up quite well from the larger relative low. Volatility has continued to fade and is holding under 25. As position unwinding continues and assuming no escalation regarding Iran conflict, we should be able to see indexes grind higher in a larger rebound/reversal effort. Bulls just want to see VIX remain under 25, and work back towards 20. /CL (Oil) remains elevated and is currently contesting 115, that will be the tough one. We need Oil to retract as soon as possible for greater confidence in a market wide rebound. While /CL remains strong, upside will be a challenge. Nothing else too crazy to note, coming into the week mostly bullish though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 Tricky week last, hope well all enjoyed the long weekend and are ready to get back in the game. Excited to see what we can make happen and of course stoked to see @Waxui Alerts back out there, lets kill it 🖤

@Waxui Alerts **ASTS**, Day Trade idea. For an unprofitable growth name its really held up better than most, maybe Artemis 2 has spurred up some space hype. Anyways, this 97 level has been the hard resistance line preventing a greater rebound. We explored over today but failed to hold, but no real hard rejection or liquidation. Looking for strength over 97 for longs, with upside targets at 100, 103, and ultimately 107-110. Love the 04/10 100Cs. Should be fun, Will alert any entry!

@Waxui Alerts **ARM**, Day Trade idea, Possible Swing. Still riding higher off the META partnership news, though we've gone into decision mode. Recently we've struggled to find strength over 150, though dips remain very shallow and are bid quickly. I believe we're still looking for another rebound before profit taking. Looking for strength over 150 for longs, with upside targets at 155, 158 and possibly as high as 164 with time. Love the 04/10 150 and 155Cs. Should be interesting, Will alert any entry!

:BULLPRINTER: Planned Plays are posted above^! Perform your own DD and make the decision to play or not! Of these, ASTS is the likely favorite though I'm sure ARM can be a ton of fun as well. Lots of solid intraday movers to keep eyes on too. No swings so we're coming into the day fresh, but you don't want to miss any of these entries so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (3:30pm PST) Futures are mostly flat since re-opening. /ES is currently still dancing close to 6650 while /NQ hoers right around 24300. Today we saw a very choppy and indecisive session as Trump failed to spur confidence regarding a reopening of the Hormuz Strait or a ceasefire with Iran. VIX remained low, testing 25 off the open but fading back into the low 24 handle to close the session. Coming into tomorrow, we've got Consumer Credit data and two FED speakers, nothing really meaningful enough to drive market sentiment, it should be another primarily technical lead session. Focusing on technicals, the /ES 6550 area has been a stick spot the last three sessions and is what's needed to be overcame for a greater rebound effort. Much of the limbo today is due in addition to the heavy U.S. catalysts later in the week such as PCE/CPI, is the end of Trump's 10 day deadline for Iran to open the strait and feel "hell", obviously escalating conflicts. Market is in anticipation mode waiting to see if he TACO's or commits. Either way, action should be decisive tomorrow. No point in making guesses for now, but wait for the tweets before market open. Nothing else too crazy to note, coming into the day especially neutral though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 Solid day out there, caught a really clean move off the open and got to sit the chop on the sidelines. Very excited to see what tomorrow has in store for us and of course stoked to see @Waxui Alerts back out there, lets kill it 🖤

@Waxui Alerts **AMD**, Day Trade idea. Same set up we've kept eyes on for a little bit now. This 220 level has been the hard reversal ceiling while all dips into the 190's have been bid. This is a very common reversal structure. We closed conidently over 220 today and with market sentiment positive, we have a great shot at a larger rebound effort. Only looking for sustained strength over 220 for longs, with upside targets at 225, 228-230, and ultimately as high as 235 with time. Love the 04/10 225Cs. Should be fun, Will alert any entry!

@Waxui Alerts **PLTR**, Day Trade idea. We closed today pressing right into the major 150 level, which has become a huge inflection point over the last year. Its also the bottom of the recent balance we broke below. A reclaim puts many shorts underwater and opens the doors to the top of the value area. Looking for strength over 150 for longs, with upside targets at 152, 155-156 and ultimately 160. Love the 04/10 150 and 155Cs. Should be interesting, Will alert any entry!

:BULLPRINTER: Planned Plays are posted above^! Perform your own DD and make the decision to play or not! Of these, AMD is the likely favorite though I'm sure PLTR can be a ton of fun as well. Lots of solid intraday movers to keep eyes on too. No swings so we're coming into the day fresh, but you don't want to miss any of these entries so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (3:30pm PST) Futures are super green since re-opening as a deal between the U.S. and Iran is expected to be achieved tonight. /ES is currently back over 6710 while /NQ hovers over 24600. Today we saw a mostly flat but confident session after Pakistan asked for an extension on the major Iran deadline. VIX visited as high as 28, but faded back into the high 25 handle to close the session. Coming into tomorrow, we've got FOMC Minutes, but the focus will of course be settling things with Iran and whatever Trump's comments are tonight. For now, sentiment is very positive and Vol(VIX) has significant downside potential and we can see indexes grind higher as positions unwind. However, this is still the knee jerk reaction, there will be IV crush and action will certainly be slower tomorrow barring any new headlines other than what is expected. From here, we just want to see VIX weak under 25, and /ES defend over 6650. If those conditions sustain, we can see /ES continue to grind towards 6800 this week as VIX works back towards 20 and ideally back below. Nothing else too crazy to note, I'm sure we'll have greater clarity tonight. For now, coming into the day leaning bullish though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 Ok day out there, planned to see out but we managed to capture a little green. Left more opportunities on the table than anything. Regardless, lets keep the strong week rolling. Excited to see @Waxui Alerts back out there, lets kill it 🖤

@Waxui Alerts **META**, Day Trade idea. Juiced up today following the announcement of a new AI model and partnership. We faded into the close but still managed to defend well over the key 600 level. This alone likely forced many shorts to liquidate. Sentiment is positive and I'm sure we can still see continuation. Looking for strength over 610 for longs, with upside targets at 630 and 638. Love the 04/10 620 and 625Cs. Should be interesting, Will alert any entry!

@Waxui Alerts **FSLR**, Day Trade idea. After fading over 35% from relative highs we've finally hit an area with a consistent bid. Dips into 190 have been respected while 200-202 remains the hard resistance ceiling. We closed strong pressing right into and and shifting value higher the entire session today. I believe we look very confident for a reversal effort. Looking for strength over 202 for longs, with upside targets at 206, 210, and ultimately as high as 215-216. Love the 04/10 205Cs. Stay posted for any entry alert!

:BULLPRINTER: Planned Plays are posted above^! Perform your own DD and make the decision to play or not! Of these, FSLR is the likely favorite though I'm sure META can be a ton of fun as well. Lots of solid intraday movers to keep eyes on too. No swings so we're coming into the day fresh, but you don't want to miss any of these entries so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (3:45pm PST) Futures are mostly flat since re-opening. /ES is currently still dancing close to 6820 while /NQ hovers right around 25050. Today we saw mostly flat session following the massive gap up from the Iran ceasefire announcement. VIX gapped way down, supported the major 20 level and closed the session right at 21. Coming into tomorrow, we've got PCE data and GDP revisions both before market open, so those reaction should be out of the way before leaving us time to assess. As for technicals, /ES maintained its elevated move well. We've built value higher and volatility failed to see a rebound. Profit taking is always expected after a move like that as it takes market a couple days to digest. Bigger picture, level to beat is now (/ES) 6850. That was the larger volume taper and key support in the previous ATH multi-month balance. If we can work through that with continued volatility compression, we have room to grind back towards highs as immense breadth has been created from this correction. Barring any unforeseen news, there wont be much bears can do to regain control if we can work through 6850 with VIX sub 20, so that's the next goal for full control, is get VIX confidently back under 20. For now, coming into the day still bullish though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 Solid day out there, they almost had us in the first quarter but conviction handled the check today. Very excited to see what opportunities await us tomorrow and what we can make happen. Stoked to see @Waxui Alerts back out there, lets kill it 🖤

@Waxui Alerts VIX looking for 20, should be able to see /ES visit yesterday’s highs. Otherwise, low vol chop.

@Waxui Alerts **APP**, Lotto Idea. Has remained super weak since pivoting from ATHs. We've seen numerous failed bounce/rebound attempts as 365 continues to be the concrete floor support. We closed weak today after another failed attempt. Feels like we're close to a continuation breakdown. Looking for weakness under 365 for shorts, with downside targets at 358, 350 and possibly as low as 335. Love the 04/10 370Ps. Should be interesting, Will alert any entry!

@Waxui Alerts **ARM**, Lotto Idea. Still riding strong after an agressive rebound from relative lows following a flurry of positive catalysts. We've gotten stuck at the key 150 level, though dips have remained very shallow and value has been established. We closed pressing right into it and look primed for a continuation move. Looking for strength over 150 for longs, with upside targets at 152.5, 155 and possibly as high as 158-160. Love the 04/10 150Cs. Excited for this one, Will alert any entry!

:BULLPRINTER: Planned Plays are posted above^! Perform your own DD and make the decision to play or not! Of these, ARM is the definite favorite though I'm sure APP can be a ton of fun as well. Lots of solid intraday movers to keep eyes on too. No swings so we're coming into the day fresh, but you don't want to miss any of these entries so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (3:30pm PST) Futures are mostly flat since re-opening. /ES is currently still dancing close to 6860 while /NQ hovers right around 25250. Today we saw a continued move higher across the general market as Israel finally pumped the brakes on the missiles. VIX faded through the session, finally cracking under 20 and closing the session in the mid 19 handle. Coming into tomorrow, we've got CPI data and Consumer Sentiment. With how little reaction PCE data got this morning, I doubt CPI will have any meaningful impact on intraday action or overall sentiment, meaning it'll be a mostly technical lead session barring any new headlines. As for technicals, /ES managed to work through and close confidently above the key 6850 level we had mentioned last night, and VIX managed to close under 20 as well, everything we needed to confirm bulls back in full control. Yes there will be dips along the way, but I'm confident we'll see a slower grind back towards highs. Shorts have been all but annihilated and weekly skew is heavily call sided. I do believe bulls may have gotten ahead of themselves in the short term and we may need to digest this move with some balance/consolidation, though I'm a dip buyer while volatility compresses. For now, coming into the day leaning bullish though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 Stellar day out there, caught a banger and got to wrap up super early. Please remember to reduce sizing on anything labeled "Lotto" so we can close the week safely and roll into a well deserved weekend. Stoked to see @Waxui Alerts back out there, lets kill it 🖤

:BULLPRINTER: No Planned Plays tonight! Market's are reacting to weekend news and sentiment shift is seeming likely. Not sure where anything will open so no point in making guesses. We'll look to focus on indexes and make the most of the reintroduced volatility. Regardless, you don't want to miss anything so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (3:30pm PST) Futures are decently red since re-opening after no peace deal was reached over the weekend. /ES is currently back around 6790 while/NQ hovers close to 25000. On Friday we saw a mostly flat digestion session as sentiment was positive but profit taking into the weekend only made sense. VIX closed flat, testing the 20 level but fading back into the low 19 handle to close out the week. We've got a slower week ahead of us in terms of catalysts. Monday has Existing Home Sales. Tuesday has NFIB Optimism and PPI data. Wednesday is the Import Price Index and FED's Beige Book. Thursday has Jobless claims and two FED speakers. We wrap up on Friday with no data but three FED speakers. However we are kicking off earnings season, with the only major leader being NFLX, but majority of financials reporting late in the week. Now to focus on the Technicals. Even though this gap down is news driven, market was due for some profit taking and a logical pullback after the massive rally from relative lows. VIX will surely spike back over 20, though we are nowhere near a spot where bears are back in control. Shorts were mainly liquidated over (/ES) 6650, meaning so long as we're above that, I still believe a higher low will be made as bulls retain larger control. There will be two way action but this dip will be a gift to many who missed the rally and it will be treated as such. Positioning has unwounded and very few extreme and unlikely catalysts can see volatility break to new relative levels and forcing market back to lows. Intermediate sentiment may have shifted, but there is no reason to be overwhelmingly bearish. For now, coming into the week cautiously neutral, though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 Hope we all had a nice weekend and are ready to get back in the game. Great week last week minus Friday, lets stay just as focused and patient to make this week great too. Stoked to see @Waxui Alerts back out there, lets kill it 🖤

@Waxui Alerts **ARM**, Day Trade idea, Possible Swing. This name has remained strong following the string of partnership deals, but has found itself in balance while the remainder of tech has rebounded. We saw an overwhelming engulfing session today, closing outside of the value range. I think continuation here is confident. Looking for strength over 158 for longs, with upside targets at 160, 164 and possibly as high as 169-170. Love the 04/17 160Cs. Should be fun, Will alert any entry!

@Waxui Alerts **RDDT**, Day Trade idea, Possible Swing. We've been stuck at relative lows for over two months. New lows have been created but we've always contested the same reversal ceiling here at 150. We closed strong today, pressing right into it. Simple set up, looking for strength over 150 for longs, with upside targets at 153, 155 and ultimately 160. Love the 04/17 150Cs. Should be interesting, Will alert any entry!

:BULLPRINTER: Planned Plays are posted above^! Perform your own DD and make the decision to play or not! Of these. ARM is the definite favorite though I'm sure RDDT can be a ton of fun as well. Lots of solid intraday movers to keep eyes on too No swings so we're coming into the day fresh, but you don't want to miss any of these entries so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (3:30pm PST) Futures are mostly flat since re-opening. /ES is currently still dancing over 6920 while /NQ hovers close to 25600. Today we saw another solid trending day higher as Iran tensions ease and positioning continues to unwind. VIX opened in the mid 21 handle, but faded all the way into the 19 level to close out the session. Coming into tomorrow, we've got NFIB Optimism and PPI data. Both respectable reports but nothing to drive intraday action unless data is heavily deviated from expectations. Should be another technical lead session. Right now, we're seeing a mass exodus of shorts. Volatility is unwinding and dated hedges are being liquidated. There are still performance chasers yet to re-enter the market. When we stated a reclaim of 6850 and VIX sub 20 would lead to new ATHs, that wasn't a guess. We've seen this now very standard playbook five times just in the last two years. Now more immediate, in the short terms, we've seen an exhausting move higher. There is sure to be some profit taking and it would be nice to see some cool off. However, treat these dips as opportunities, because everyone else will. For now, coming into the day mostly neutral though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 Ok day out there. As volatility declines indexes will become more difficult. We'll look to capitalize on the planned plays and individuals incrementally more. Either way, we'll make the most of what we're offered. Stoked to see @Waxui Alerts back out there, lets kill it 🖤

@Waxui Alerts **ARM**, Day Trade idea, Possible Swing. Gapped up so we missed our intended entry from last night's plan, but the set up is still valid. We managed to fill the overnight gap and still hold the elevated price above 160. So long as market sentiment remains positive, this should continue along with the rest of Semi's. Looking for sustained strength over 160 for longs, with upside targets at 165-166 and ultimately 169-170. Love the 04/17 165Cs. Should be interesting, Will alert any entry!

@Waxui Alerts **COIN**, Day Trade idea, Possible Swing. Mostly on watch right now but its needs to be on watch with crypto sentiment and BTC looking stronger. We've been dancing near relative lows but have caught a bid higher. 190 seems to be the inflection zone that needs to be conquered. Looking for strength over 190, ideally paired with BTC over 76k for longs, with upside targets at 205 and 213/15. Will assess contracts when the time comes, stay posted for any entry alert!

:BULLPRINTER: Planned Plays are posted above^! Perform your own DD and make the decision to play or not! Of these, ARM is the definite favorite though I'm sure COIN can be a ton of fun as well. Lots of solid intraday movers to keep eyes on too. No swings so we're coming into the day fresh, but you don't want to miss any of these entries so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (4:30pm PST) Futures are mostly flat since re-opening. /ES is currently still dancing just over 7000 while /NQ hovers right around 26000. Today we saw yet another trending buy day as market is now less than 1% off ATHs. VIX gapped down, but held its ground, floating in the mid 18 handle for the duration of the session. Coming into tomorrow, we've got the Import Price Index and the FED's Beige Book. Given the last few inflation reads have had little to no bearing I doubt BB will have any impact either. Should be a primarily technical driven session. Focus on technicals, we've seen little to no regard for bear life as we've ripped face back into the previous multi-month balance. We warned this was likely nearly all last week. However, while still bullish due to simple CTA positioning and performance chasing, I do believe the blind longs are behind us. Any move higher will be done with slow grind-like action as volatility is drying up fast with VIX sub 20 again. Options will be difficult. Not to say R:R favors shorts, (yet) but at this point I'm not comfortable chasing this higher with our style of play being 0Dte, without some liquidation/accumulation period. We are still par the course for ATHs, but for now, coming into the day cautiously bullish though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 Never been a big fan of trending days, if you aren't in very early you either have to abandon R:R or get stuffed trying to play counter-trend. Uncomfortable all around. big fan of two-way action. Regardless, we'll make the most of whatever is offered. Stoked to see @Waxui Alerts back out there, lets kill it 🖤

@Waxui Alerts **TSLA**, Lotto Idea. After being compressed for the entire year, we finally saw a massive short covering rally today, pushing us back through not only the 50DMA, but back into the previous balance. We can surely see this continue, as all gamma exposure is at 400. Looking for sustaiend strength over 390, with upside targets at 400, 408 and possibly as high as 415. Love the 04/17 400Cs. Should be interesting, Will alert any entry!

@Waxui Alerts **META**, Lotto Idea. We've seen quite the rebound from relative lows and are right back at the major 675 level, which has been a hard veiling for nearly 6 months. Yes market is in full blown bull mode, but this is still a great R:R spot to try short. Ideally paired with a corrective move across /NQ, downside targets at 660 and 650. Love the 04/17 665Ps. Stay posted for any entry alert!

:BULLPRINTER: Planned Plays are posted above^! Perform your own DD and make the decision to play or not! Of these, TSLA is the definite favorite though I'm sure META can be a ton of fun as well. Lot of solid intraday movers to keep eyes on too. No swings so we're coming into the day fresh but you don't want to miss any of these entries so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (3:30pm PST) Futures are mostly flat since re-opening. /ES is currently still dancing close to 7060 while /NQ hovers right around 26350. Today we saw yet another trending buy day as fears have all but evaporated. VIX dipped into the mid 17 handle, but rebounded, closing the session in the low 18 handle, flat from yesterday. Coming into tomorrow, we've got Jobless Claims and two FED speakers. Both respectable but nothing to drive intraday action. It should be another technical driven session. Focusing on technicals, we've finally broken new ATHs, as we've been calling for the last two weeks. We're now in what most call a blue sky breakout. There is no reason to be aggressively shorting, but dips should be bought if offered. Once again, chasing longs is uncomfortable and 0dte options will be difficult and prone to consistent IV/Theta issues if strikes are not chosen carefully. I'd much prefer to see some healthy pullback to offer better R:R on longs. For now, keep dancing until the music stops. VIX still has plenty room lower towards 15 if we continue to grind. Coming into the day cautiously bullish, though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 Solid day out there, caught a banger off the open and got to wrap up early. Please remember to reduce sizing on anything labeled "Lotto" so we can close the week safely and roll into a nice weekend. Stoked to see @Waxui Alerts back out there, lets kill it 🖤

@Waxui Alerts **MRVL**, Day Trade idea, Possible Swing. Currently in the midst of price exploration through ATHs. Its purely momentum driven here, and now with weekend news including a new GOOGL partnership. This thing can absolutely run still. We've already seen price acceptance and proof over 130, and closed strong on Friday. Looking for sustained strength over 138 for longs, with upside targets at 144 and ultimately 150. Love the 04/24 145Cs. Should be interesting, Will alert any entry!

@Waxui Alerts **MU**, Day Trade idea. Once again back contesting highs after spending the last three months in balance. We've established value well above 400 at this point. Previously, every pop over 450 was solid hard and market a pivot. We spent the duration of last week holding value and contesting 460. We have to keep eyes on this one for a possible continuation move. Looking for strength over 460 for longs, with upside targets at 475 and 490-500. Will assess contracts when the time comes, stay posted for any entry alert!

:BULLPRINTER: Planned Plays are posted above^! Perform your own DD and make the decision to play or not! Of these, MRVL is the definite favorite though I'm sure MU can be a ton of fun as well. Lots of solid intraday movers to keep eyes on too. No swings so we're coming into the week fresh, but you don't want to miss any of these entries so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (8:00pm PST) Futures are significantly red since re-opening following some weekend drama regarding Iran and the Hormuz Strait. /ES is currently dancing close to 7120 while /NQ hovers right around 26700. On Friday we saw an explosive breakout into new ATHs, while VIX dipped into the 16 handle, but closed the session in the mid 17's. We've got a pretty tame week regarding catalysts. Nothing on Monday. Tuesday has U.S. Retail Sales and Business Inventories. Wednesday has nothing scheduled. Thursday has Jobless Claims and both Services and Manufacturing PMI. We wrap up on Friday with Consumer Sentiment. We're also in the thick of earnings season now with some big names reporting late in the week. As for technicals, nothing is wrong yet. VIX is sure to gap up but nothing significant, /ES hasn't even dipped under its previous ATH. So what if the green day streak ends, we've been in need of a pullback and some profit taking for some time now. I still firmly believe bulls are in control and wouldn't be surprised if this dip is bid right back. Focus should be back on /CL (Oil) for gauging whether any downside or change in trend can be sustained. nothing else too crazy to note, coming into the day leaning bullish though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 Solid week last, lets stay just as focused and patient to make this week great too. Hope we're all well rested from the weekend and are ready to get back in the game. Stoked to see @Waxui Alerts back out there, lets kill it 🖤

@Waxui Alerts Closed SPY here VIX looking for 20

@Waxui Alerts **COIN**, Day Trade idea, Possible Swing. Crypto sentiment has been on the rebound recently as BTC works through 75k. COIN has been in a balance at relative lows and as a proxy has caught a bid as well. This set up has been in the making for a while, but seems very ready. 213.5 Has been the hard pivot ceiling, but we're back contesting it once again. Looking for strength over 213.5, ideally paired with BTC strength for longs, with upside targets at 220, 226 and ultimately as high as 232. Love the 04/24 220Cs. Should be fun, Will alert any entry!

@Waxui Alerts **MU**, Day Trade idea. Tested our key 460 level again today and failed, though the rejection was still bid and we continued to maintain the balance. Value has been sustained and buyers are still willing to bid these prices. This leads me to believe we're just not ready yet. 460 is the GO level. Upside targets at 470, 485 and ultimately 492-500. May need another session or two, but on very high alert. Stay posted for any entry alert!

:BULLPRINTER: Planned Plays are posted above^! Perform your own DD and make the decision to play or not! Of these, COIN is the definite favorite though I'm sure MU can be a ton of fun as well. Lots of solid intraday movers to keep eyes on too. No swings so we're coming into the day fresh, but you don't want to miss any of these entries so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (3:30pm PST) Futures are decently green since re-opening following the AMZN news of further AI investment. /ES is currently contesting 7160 while /NQ hovers right around 26800. Today we saw an extremely flat session after a weekend gap down, ending the more than 2 week long green day streak. VIX maintained its gap up, testing 20 in the premarket but fading into the high 18 handle to close the session. Coming into tomorrow, we've got just U.S. Retail Sales early in the session, but this isn't anything to drive market sentiment currently. It should be a primarily technical driven session, barring any Trump comments on the potential Iran deal. As for technicals, bulls are still in full control, VIX managed to retest 20 and market was seemingly unfazed. We're already filling the weekend gap and the only difference is VIX has all this new downside potential. Premiums may be a little elevated given the new deadline of Wednesday for an Iran deal, but otherwise structure is still very positive. Bulls just want to see VIX remain under 20, and /ES work through Friday's highs to continue the blue shy breakout. Nothing else too crazy to note. Coming into the day mostly neutral, though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 Big dud day for us out there, not many opportunities past the first hour. Sometimes the best trade is no trade and I'm happy we acknowledged that early. Excited to see what we can make happen tomorrow and of course stoked to see @Waxui Alerts back out there, lets kill it 🖤

@Waxui Alerts **MU**, Day Trade idea. Still love this set up. Held an inside session today, showing great relative strength against the general market and continuing to establish value at the highs. Nothing has changed from previous plan. Still waiting for strength over 460 for longs, with upside targets at 470, 485 and ultimately 492-500. Love the 04/24 460Cs. Should be fun, Will alert any entry!

@Waxui Alerts **ARM**, Swing Idea. Mostly on watch for now. This name has spent the last 2.5 years in a massive balance and is now contesting the top at 180 after a flurry of positive news and big partnerships. 180 is of course the area shorts will defend and where R:R is in their favor, but the breakout is looming and may come any day. Stay posted for any entry alert!

:BULLPRINTER: Planned Plays are posted above^! Perform your own DD and make the decision to play or not! Of these, MU is the definite favorite though I'm sure ARM can be a ton of fun as well. Lots of solid intraday movers to keep eyes on too. No swings so we're coming into the day fresh, but you don't want to miss any of these entries so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (4:30pm PST) Futures are mostly green since re-opening. /ES is currently back dancing close to 7130 while /NQ hovers close to 26750. Today we saw market dip from its ATHs to prices not seen since yesterday after the world got to bear witness to the spectacle that is our "leadership" with Warsh's confirmation hearing. VIX climbed, seeing nearly as high as 21 before fading into the mid 19 handle to close the session. Coming into tomorrow, we've got an empty slate, no data and no FED speakers, so we have no choice but a 100% technical lead session. As for technicals, we basically retested the previous ATH's today though VIX has begun to pick up as fears regarding a dragged out Iran deal weigh heavily on sentiment. Bigger picture, there is still no reason to be aggressively shorting. I'm still very bullish, and believe this dip can and will be very short lived. Line in the sand for immediate control is (/ES) 7085. Defend above that and keep VIX below 20, bulls retain control. Otherwise, we can see a minor corrective move towards 7040. Iran deadline is tomorrow so we'll see how that's handled for greater clarity and of course earnings anticipation to come later in the week. Coming into the day leaning bullish though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 Tough day out there, news threw us off and we failed to adjust. Looking to make it back and then some tomorrow. Stoked to see @Waxui Alerts back out there, lets kill it 🖤

@Waxui Alerts **TSLA**, Day Trade idea. Juiced up after hours following a solid ER beat, with margins climbing back healthily. Recent reversal celing is this 407-408 area. Above that and we can see a continued exodus of shorts. Momentum still on our side and now with catalyst. Upside targets over 408 at 415, 420 and possibly as high as 430. Will have to assess contracts in the AM. Stay posted for any entry alert!

@Waxui Alerts **COIN**, Day Trade idea, Possible Swing. Crypto sentiment is picking back up fast with BTC nearly breaching 80k today. COIN has had a reversal ceiling here at 213 for a bit now. We've recently made a significant higher low, and spent all of this week building value higher. We look primed for a greater bounce/reversal effort. Simple set up, looking for strength over 213 for longs, with upside targets at 220, 226 and ultimately 230+ with time. Love the 04/24 210 and 215Cs. Should be fun, Will alert any entry!

:BULLPRINTER: Planned Plays are posted above^! Perform your own DD and make the decision to play or not! Of these, COIN is the likely favorite, though I'm sure TSLA can be a ton of fun as well. Lots of solid intraday movers to keep eyes on too. No swings so we're coming into the day fresh, but you don't want to miss any of these entries so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (4:20pm PST) Futures are mostly flat since re-opening. /ES is currently still dancing close to 7160 while /NQ hovers close to 27100. Today we saw a painfully slow but overall positive session after yesterday's liquidation. VIX held its gap down, spending most of the session in the low 19 handle and breaking down into the close. Coming into tomorrow, we've got Jobless Claims, and both Services and Manufacturing PMI. All respectable data points but nothing to drive market sentiment currently. Should be a primarily technical lead session. As for technicals, /ES is in a weekly balance, vigorously defending ATHs. VIX remains under 20 and earnings season is underway. There is cause for pause, but no real reason for liquidation with the major leaders yet to report. All GEX concentration has remained at 7150 (SPX) all week. We've yet to visit it and I personally believe there is no reason to expect pullback until its been visited. If that level is absorbed, be ready for continuation move higher, likely seeing 7180-7200. Remember, VIX created a whole lot of downside space with the pop into 20 from 17. Not to mention the Iran deadline has been postponed with no end date. No risk off event in site. Coming into the day leaning bullish though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 A1 day out there, caught two clean moves off the open and got to sit the chop on the sidelines. Very excited to see what tomorrow has in store for us. Stoked to see @Waxui Alerts back out there, lets kill it 🖤

@Waxui Alerts **ARM**, Lotto Idea. Still blasting off through new ATHs daily, and feeling the juice after hours here in sympathy to INTC earnings. We've got momentum on our side and extreme sentiment. Looking for any dip to hold off the open, with upside targets at the moon and then mars. Will assess contracts when the time comes, stay posted for any entry alert!

@Waxui Alerts **TSM**, Lotto Idea. Rebounded from the recent earnings liquidation very quick, and is not pressing into the recent pivot highs. Above that, and there is nothing standing in the way of a retest of the previous ATHs. Sentiment is hot in Semi's, and that's where we want to keep focus. Looking for strength over 385 for longs, with upside targets at 390\, 394 and possibly as high as 400. Love the 04/24 385Cs. Should be fun, Will alert any entry!

:BULLPRINTER: Planned Plays are posted above^! Perform your own DD and make the decision to play or not! Of these, ARM is the likely favorite though I'm sure TSM can be a ton of fun as well. Lots of solid intraday movers to keep eyes on too. No swings so we're coming into the day fresh, but you don't want to miss any of these entries so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (4:20pm PST) Futures are mostly flat since re-opening. /ES is currently still dancing close to 7140 while /NQ hovers right around 27050. Today we saw ATH tested once again only for a flash liquidation to take out balance lows and rebid into the close. VIX spiked to into 21.5, but faded back into the low 19 handle once again. Coming into tomorrow, we've got just Consumer Sentiment data, and no speakers. Should be a very technical lead session, barring any unforeseen headlines. As for technicals, /ES failed at the highs for the third time, but we saw an aggressive bid back after sweeping the range lows. This has created breadth, all while VIX has failed another attempt to reclaim 20. VIX has lots of room lower, all while bulls have remain in control. Level to beat tomorrow is of course (/ES) 7185. Above that and we can surely grind our way into fresh ATHs. There is still of course anticipation regarding the market leading earnings reports next week, but INTC gave a lot of confidence to much of the tech sector tonight. Nothing else too crazy to note, coming into the day leaning bullish though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 Solid day out there, wish w caught some of that short but we made our bag early and wrapped up just after. Please remember to reduce sizing on anything labeled "Lotto" so we can close the week safely and roll into a well deserved weekend. Stoked to see @Waxui Alerts back out there, lets kill it 🖤

@Waxui Alerts **HIMS**, Day Trade idea, Possible Swing. We've seen a massive reversal effort this past couple weeks after a wave of positive catalysts. We've spent this last week defending over the 28 level and building value higher. Friday's strong close gives confidence to a continuation move. Looking for strength over 31 for longs, with upside targets at 33, 35 and possibly as high as 38 this week. Love the 05/01 31Cs. Should be interesting, Will alert any entry!

@Waxui Alerts **COIN**, Day Trade idea, Possible Swing. Still keeping an eye on this one. Cool off last week but has seen no real rejection. Crypto strength and sentiment persists and BTC maintained strength over the weekend. I believe its only a matter of time before we're playing a solid reversal move here. Looking for strength over 213 for longs, with upside targets at 220, 230 and 240. Love the 05/01 210Cs. Stay posted for any entry alert!

:BULLPRINTER: Planned Plays are posted above^! [Perform your own DD and make the decision to play or not! Of these, HIMS is the likely favorite though I'm sure COIN can be a ton of fun as well. Lots of solid intraday movers to keep eyes on too. No swings so we're coming into the week fresh, but you don't want to miss any of these entries so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (3:30pm PST) Futures are slightly red since re-opening. /ES is currently dancing close to 7170 while /NQ hovers close to 27350. On Friday we saw a solid grind higher across the general market, exiting the weekly balance. VIX remained level, closing in the mid 18 handle to round out the week. We've got a catalyst heavy week ahead of us. Monday has nothing scheduled. Tuesday has Consumer Confidence and the Home Price Index. Wednesday is the big day with Retail sales, and of course the FOMC interest rate decision followed by Powell's final remarks. Thursday has Jobless claims, GDP, and PCE data. We wrap up on Friday with just ISM and Manufacturing PMI. Not to mention nearly every major market leading name reports earnings this week, including but not limited to MSFT, AMZN, META, GOOGL and AAPL all reporting late in the week. As for technicals we closed on a positive note on Friday, and no real weekend shake ups. We've seen volatility die off hear at ATHs, and there is certainly some anticipation action to be expected leading into the massive Wednesday session. Individual names should be primary focus, as indexes will likely be tricky if not painfully slow at the least. Bulls just want to see /ES defend above 7100 and keep VIX under 20 and should retain control. Coming into the week leaning bullish though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 Solid week last, lets stay just as focused and patient to make this week great. Hope we all had a nice restful weekend and are ready to get back in the game. Stoked to see @Waxui Alerts back out there, lets kill it 🖤

@Waxui Alerts **HIMS**, Day Trade idea. Still keeping an eye on this one. Faded a bit today but is still in balance. So long as 28 is being defended, I'm still convinced of a continuation move higher. Nothing has changed, looking for strength over 31 for for longs, with upside targets at 33, 35 and ultimately 38-40. Love the 05/01 30Cs. Should be interesting, Will alert any entry!

@Waxui Alerts **TSLA**, Day Trade idea. Faded after the recent earnings but has stood its ground at 370 since. We saw a fully engulfing bullish session after the morning's failed breakdown. The earnings was solid and we've likely killed off the ER IV and are ready for legitimate decision making now. Looking for strength over 380 for longs, with upside targets at 387, 394 and ultimately 400+. Love the 04/29 385Cs. Should be fun, Will alert any entry!

:BULLPRINTER: Planned Plays are posted above^! Perform your own DD and make the decision to play or not! Of these, TSLA is the likely favorite though I'm sure HIMS can be a ton of fun as well. Lots of solid intraday movers to keep eyes on too. No swings so we're coming into the day fresh, but you don't want to miss any of these entries so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (3:30pm PST) Futures are decently green since re-opening. /ES is currently dancing close to 7220 while /NQ hovers right around 27500. Today we saw a very slow but overall positive session, VIX broke down its weekly balance, falling all the way into the 18 level to close the session. Coming into tomorrow, we've got just Consumer Confidence and the Home price index. Respectable but nothing to drive market sentiment. On Wednesday we have the FOMC decision and Powell, following by a massive slate for market leading earnings. This is 200% the risk event for the week and its a big one. I definitely expect some anticipation action. Market should be a ton of fun Thurs/Fri, but expect continued slow and grindy action until after close on Weds. For now, technicals are still strong, as we make new ATHs as I type this. VIX remains low. There is not reason to be aggressively shorting. Nothing else too crazy to note, coming into the day leaning bullish though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 Ok day out there, nothing crazy. Low expectations for tomorrow but we'll make the most of whatever is offered. Excited to see what we can make happen and of course stoked to see @Waxui Alerts back out there, lets kill it 🖤

:BULLPRINTER: No Planned Plays tonight. Doesn't make much sense with FOMC and major earnings tomorrow. FOMC is always a good day to be sidelined but we'll make the most of whatever is offered with Indexes if need be. Regardless, you don't want to miss anything so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (3:30pm PST) Futures are mostly flat since re-opening, /ES is currently still dancing under 7180 while /NQ hovers close to 27200. Today we saw a decent gap down across the general market as tech sentiment faltered after the concerning OpenAI report this morning. VIX spiked into 19.5, but faded into new relative lows in the high 17 handle to close the session. Coming into tomorrow, we've got the highly anticipated FOMC interest rate decision followed by Powell's final address. Immediately after market close are four of the largest market leader's earnings reports. Tomorrow is absolutely the risk event this week. I expect some grindy, anticipatory action leading into Powell and then violent action after. Its always a good day to sit back and watch the light show, but for those willing to take the risk, here are the things to watch for. (/ES) 7180 is the hard line in the sand. Its been the market inflection point for the last week. VIX is well under 20, so that's no real cause for concern, but I'd like to see /ES overcome this key level for immediate bull confidence. Sustained weakness below and we can see market continue to fade off the fresh new ATHs. Otherwise, bulls are still very much in control bigger picture. Coming into the day especially neutral though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 A1 day out there, caught two great moves early in the day and got to wrap up in time for breakfast. Excited for the volatility tomorrow and what we can make happen. Stoked to see @Waxui Alerts back out there, lets kill it 🖤

@Waxui Alerts **ARM**, Day Trade idea. Pulled back off the recent massive new ATH rally. Dips under 200 have been bid and we bought into the close today. I dont think the semi rally is over. I believe we can see another rebound here before any top is called. Looking for a break into the gap range over 203.5 for longs, with upside targets at 206, 210 and ultimately 215. Love the 05/01 210Cs. Should be interesting, Will alert any entry!

@Waxui Alerts **TSLA**, Day Trade idea. How the loved have fallen from grace. While 370 has been a solid support floor this last week, we've now failed to reclaim the 380 level four times, and spent all of today's action suffocating price and pinning value lower. Simple set up, looking for a break under 370 for shorts, with downside targets at 364 and 360. Love the 05/01 365Ps. Should be fun, Will alert any entry!

:BULLPRINTER: Planned Plays are posted above^! Perform your own DD and make the decision to play or not! Of these, TSLA is the likely favorite though I'm sure ARM can be a ton of fun as well. Lots of solid intraday movers to keep eyes on too. No swings so we're coming into the day fresh, but you don't want to miss any of these entries so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (4:00pm PST) Futures are solid green following positive earnings reactions from market leaders AMZN and GOOGL. /ES is currently dancing close to 7190 while /NQ hovers right around 27500. Today we saw a pretty choppy and mostly flat FOMC session. Powell gave it final address and signaled a warm welcome transfer to Kevin Warsh. VIX spend the session pinned between 18 and 19, and closed in the middle. Coming into tomorrow, we've got Jobless Claims, GDP data and most importantly PCE, all before market open. PCE is a big one, but the primary risk event is past us this week. we should see cleaner action to close out the week. As for technicals, /ES is conquering the key 7180 level here after hours and VIX is still well below 20 and likely looking for a grind lower assuming a gap down. Sentiment is positive following the earnings reports. I believe we should be able to work towards and potentially make new ATHs very soon. From here, bulls just want to defend above (/ES) 7180 and it should be on the way. Nothing else too crazy to note. Coming into the day leaning bullish though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 Solid day out there, caught a little action but overall decided to be sidelined for FOMC. Very excited to see what we can make happen tomorrow and of course stoked to see @Waxui Alerts back out there, lets kill it 🖤

@Waxui Alerts **TSLA**, Lotto Idea. Rebounded hard today after 370 continued to act as a floor. We managed to work through the resistance ceiling at 380 and closed strong. We should be able to see a larger reversal effort now. Only looking for sustained strength over 380 for longs, with upside targets at 385, 388-390 and possibly as high as 396. Love the 05/01 385Cs. Should be fun, Will alert any entry!

@Waxui Alerts **AMD**, Lotto Idea. Thing is an absolute momentum machine. We rebound right back into the pivot highs and closed strong. Playing pure euphoria here. Looking for strength over 355 for longs, with upside targets at 360, 365-367 and possibly as high as 370+. Earnings early next week, this is last chance to play cheap premium before anticipation. Monthly rebalancing helps sentiment as well. Love the 05/01 355Cs. Should be interesting, Will alert any entry!

:BULLPRINTER: Planned Plays are posted above^! Perform your own DD and make the decision to play or not! Of these, TSLA is the likely favorite though I'm sure AMD can be a ton of fun as well. Lots of solid intraday movers to keep eyes on too. No swings so we're coming into the day fresh, but you don't want to miss any of these entries so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (3:30pm PST) Futures are decently green since re-opening following AAPL's positive ER. /ES is currently dancing right around 7260 while /NQ hovers close to 27600. Today we saw a solid trending day higher following positive earnings in tech and industrial strength. VIX broke down, fading all the way in the high 16 handle to close the session. Coming into tomorrow, we've got just ISM and Manufacturing PMI. Nothing to drive sentiment, should be a primarily technical focused day. As for technicals, we broke to new ATHs after a brief cool off for the last week, and volatility continues to fade. From here, barring any news or new headlines, we should be able to close the week out on a strong note. Dips should be bought so long as VIX remains under 20, which is unlikely into the end of the week. We absorbed all of the overhead exposure today, which means we have a solid band of buyers below us if a dip is offered. However, a gap and run is entirely possible given the overwhelmingly positive sentiment. Blue sky breakout folks. Nothing else too crazy to note, coming into the day leaning bullish though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 Solid day out there, definitely left some green on the table but I'm not complaining. Please remember to reduce sizing on anything labeled "Lotto" so we can close the week safely and roll into a well deserved weekend. Stoked to see @Waxui Alerts back out there, lets kill it 🖤

@Waxui Alerts As usual.. ☔️ Best of April 🥂 Only includes winners >30% SPY 04/01 654P 1.65 - 2.50 52% SPY 04/06 657C 1.90 - 3.30 74% SPY 04/07 655C 1.70 - 2.40 41% SPX 04/08 6775C 5.60 - 12.00 114% SPY 04/09 675C 1.05 - 3.70 252% SPX 04/14 6930P 6.00 - 8.00 33% SPY 04/15 695C 1.25 - 2.80 124% SPY 04/16 700C 1.70 - 2.75 62% SPX 04/21 7115C 5.00 - 6.50 30% SPX 04/22 7135C 5.50 - 9.00 64% MU 04/24 480C 7.00 - 16.00 129% SPY 04/23 710C 1.25 - 2.60 108% SPY 04/24 710C 1.45 - 4.20 190% SPX 04/27 7140P 5.60 - 8.00 43% TSLA 04/29 380C 3.75 - 6.00 60% SPX 04/28 7120P 6.20 - 15.00 142% SPX 04/29 7140C 4.80 - 7.20 50% SPY 04/30 713C 1.55 - 2.50 61% Slower but fantastic month! May is already off to a hot start! Looking forward to an incredible month with you all, please reach out if you’d like a complete log of all alerted trades! 🖤

@Waxui Alerts **GOOGL**, Day Trade idea. Currently breaking out through new ATHs following the recent earnings report. We've hit our heads on this 386 level, but we saw value sustained higher on Friday as they continued to contest it. I believe we're looking for continuation here. Simple set up, looking for strength over 386 for longs, with upside targets at 390-391, and ultimately as high as 395 with time. Love the 05/06 190Cs. Should be interesting, Will alert any entry!

@Waxui Alerts **TSLA**, Swing idea. We have confidently begun a confident reversal effort with Friday's close back over 388. We faded a bit, but since we're reclaimed the previous balance, the range lows are where we place risk. Looking for sustained strength over 388 for longs, with upside targets at 396, 400 and possibly as high as 410. Love the 05/08 400Cs. Should be fun, Will alert any entry!

:BULLPRINTER: Planned Plays are posted above^! Perform your own DD and make the decision to play or not! Of these, ORCL is the likely favorite though I'm sure META can be a ton of fun as well. Lots of solid intraday movers to keep eyes on too. No swings so we're coming into the day fresh but you don't want to miss any of these entries so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (3:30p, PST) Futures are mostly flat since re-opening. /ES is currently still dancing close to 6800 while /NQ hovers right around 25000. Today we saw a solid continuation higher across the general market as fears began to cool, right up until the end of the day when more headlines regarding potential mines in the Hormuz Strait spooked investors, seeing much of the days gains given back. VIX faded back into the 22 level, before rebounding into the 25 level to close the session. Coming into tomorrow, we have a highly anticipated CPI report before market open. This will certainly drive the day's action and sentiment barring any further market shaking war headlines. As usual, its foolish to make guesses at what or how market will react to said data, its always best to make decisions after data is in hand. However, we'll still give our normal outlook on current standing technicals. /ES retested the key 6850 level in which sellers were already present before the headlines. This has been our benchmark level for weeks now and I'm still using it to gauge overall Bull/Bear control. From here, we want to see VIX resist strength over 25 for confidence in upside. As mentioned intraday, a break under (/ES) 6765 paired with VIX over 25 is 100% bear control, and we can see all of Monday's single prints wiped out as we work down towards 6700-6720. For now, coming into the day especially neutral, though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 Solid day out there, caught two clean plays but definitely left some opportunities slip. Very excited to see what tomorrow has in store for us and what we can make happen. Stoked to see @Waxui Alerts back out there, lets kill it 🖤

:BULLPRINTER: Planned Plays are posted above^! Perform your own DD and make the decision to play or not! Of these, PLTR is the likely favorite though I'm sure HOOD can be a ton of fun as well. Lots of solid intraday movers to keep eyes on too. No swings so we're coming into the week fresh, but you don't want to miss any of these entries so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (3:15pm PST) Futures are super red since re-opening. /ES is currently under Friday's lows around 6530 while /NQ hovers close to 24000. On Friday we saw a continued liquidation into new lows, only for much of it to be bought back as Trump's words continue to drive knee jerk reactions. VIX spiked into the 29 handle, but faded under back into the high 26 range to close out the week. We've got a pretty tame week ahead of us in regards to data/catalysts. Monday has just Construction Spending. Tuesday has both Services and Manufacturing PMI. Wednesday has the Import Price Index. Thursday has Jobless Claims along with four FED speakers. We wrap up on Friday with just Consumer Sentiment. Nice break from the data, but of course developments regarding Iran and Oil will be the driving factors. As for technicals, we've now seen /ES break below the multi-month balance under 6620 and are new in correction mode as /ES approaches -10% from ATHs. VIX 30 is a major benchmark and typically highlights and exacerbated and fear driven liquidation and can often times provide a relief rally at the least, however until (/ES) 6620 is reclaimed, bears are full in control and pops should be faded. No reason to be aggressively long until technical structure or news creates reason to shift sentiment. For now, coming into the week leaning bearish though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 Solid week last, lets stay just as focused and patient to make this week great too. Stoked to see what opportunities await us and what we can make happen and of course excited to see @Waxui Alerts back out there, lets kill it 🖤

:BULLPRINTER: No Planned Plays tonight! Everything looks the same with a heavy liquidation and poor close on Friday. With no idea where Futures open it doesn't make sense to make guesses. We'll continue to focus on Indexes and the general market as volatility persists. Regardless, you don't want to miss anything so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (7:45pm PST) Futures are mostly red since re-opening. /ES is currently trading close to 6385 while /NQ hovers right around 23200. On Friday we saw a continued liquidation across the market, seeing nearly 7 months of gains wiped away in the last few weeks as fears regarding a prolonged Iran conflict pressures global energy prices. VIX climbed, working through the major 30 level to close the week at 31. We've got some decent catalysts ahead of us this week. Monday has Powell speaking early in the day. Tuesday has Home Price Index. Job Openings and Consumer Confidence data. Wednesday has U.S. Retail Sales, ADP Jobs and both ISM and Manufacturing PMI. Thursday has just Jobless Claims and U.S. Trade Deficit. We wrap up on Friday with the updated unemployment rate and Services PMI. As for technicals, /ES just breached the -10% mark, a very typical add spot for DCA investors. Beginning of Q2 this week and earnings cycle about to kick back up. /GC closed above and gapped over 100 so fears are still certainly elevated. Without no further headlines, Its likely that volatility (VIX) is peaking. We can certainly see the general market continue lower, but with a stagnant level of volatility it will make action slower and extremely difficult for options trading, as we'll see IV crushing conditions beginning with elevated premiums. The likelihood of an outsized move following Thurs/Friday is unlikely, unless its a rebound. For now, coming into the week especially neutral, though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 Tricky week last, last lock in and shape up to make this one great. Excited to see what we can make happen and of course stoked to see @Waxui Alerts back out there, lets kill it 🖤

:BULLPRINTER: Planned Plays are posted above^! Perform your own DD and make the decision to play or not! Of these, CAT is the likely favorite though I'm sure AMD can be a ton of fun as well. Lots of solid intraday movers to keep eyes on too. Swung SPY calls in addition to these stellar set ups, but you don't want to miss anything else so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (4:20pm PST) Futures are slightly red since re-opening. /ES is currently dancing close to 6370 while /NQ hovers right around 23000. Today we saw a gap and fade as market is simply too scared to function. VIX dipped under 30 but made sure to reclaim it into the end of day, closing in the mid 30 handle. Coming into tomorrow, we've got Home Price Index, Job Openings and Consumer Confidence. All respectable data sets but the market's only real focus right now is /CL (Oil), which is currently grinding higher, now breaching 106. We've continued to mention that the longer Oil remains elevated, the greater stress will be felt across the equities markets. As for technicals, we managed to defend Friday's low, but volatility of course remains elevated and fear is driving. We've sustained the -10% benchmark, and this needs to hold overnight for any chance for bulls to see a squeeze. Short week so volume would normally be below average but I don't think we need to worry about that right now. Until the next headline, continue to play the trend, short pops and reduce sizing. Nothing else too crazy to note, coming into the day mostly neutral though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 Solid day out there, caught a clean move and even got some trims off on the swing. Very excited to see how that plays out and what else we can make happen. Stoked to see @Waxui Alerts back out there, lets kill it 🖤

:BULLPRINTER: Planned Plays are posted above^! Perform your own DD and make the decision to play or not! Of these, TSLA is the definite favorite though I'm sure APP can be a ton of fun as well. Lots of solid intraday movers to keep eyes on too. No swings so we're coming into the day fresh, but you don't want to miss any of these entries so keep those notifications on for the alerts and updates! ☕ As of now, (3:30pm PST) Futures are mostly flat since re-opening. /ES is currently still dancing close to 7350 while /NQ hovers right around 28600. Today we saw market give a much needed pullback after an insanely bullish week. VIX failed to work higher, and danced in the mid 17 handle, and closed the session right on the 17 level. Coming into tomorrow, we've got just the updated Unemployment Rate, and Consumer Sentiment. Nothing significant enough to drive market action. As for technicals, we saw a decent liquidation today off Iran headlines, though it felt as if we were looking for any excuse to see some profit taking. One red day does not constitute a change in trend or shift in control. I still firmly believe we're seeing a sustained breakout. Semi sentiment is hot, tech is driving and I certainly am not willing to call a top there. Volume was elevated during today's liquidation and we barely saw -0.5%. Chances are, they overpaid for premium and are now fuel for higher. Today's floor at (/ES) 7350 is line in the sand for tomorrow. Below and we work down, sustained and we revisit highs and likely more. Nothing else too crazy to note, coming into the day leaning bullish though of course everything will be reassessed before open and intraday! 📈 Tricky session, got a little overzealous with "up only", streak had to come to an end and I'm glad its over, gets to a boiling spot at some point. Please remember to reduce sizing on anything labeled "Lotto" so we can close the week safely and roll into a well deserved weekend. Stoked to see @Waxui Alerts back out there. Lets kill it 🖤
